Okay, so we'll go ahead
with deletions of stacks within our stack set.
So, I wanna you two option.
To delete this stack set,
you first need to delete all the stacks
within your stack sets.
So, we have two options to delete the instances.
For example, say,
"I wanted to detach this stack right here
in eu-central1,
because I wanna keep it,
regardless of whether or not I delete my stack sets."
So, to do so, I'm going to Actions
and then I will delete stacks from the stack sets.
I will paste the account number and it will say,
"Hey for this region.
For the Frankfurt region,
you're going to delete the stack from the stack set,
but I want you to actually retain the stack."
So, the idea is that is going to remove this stack
from the stack sets,
but the stack will still exist in my account.
So, let's verify that.
Currently, we have three stacks in my accounts,
but if I do Next
and then Submit,
what's going to happen in this operation
is that it will detach this stack from the stack set.
So, if I refresh this while the stack is still here,
but now, if I go under Stack instances,
we can see that it is not managed.
And we should see it right now.
Yeah. There are only two stacks.
So, it is not managed anymore by my stack sets.
Very, very nice.
Then if I wanted to delete really everything.
I could do Actions
and then delete stack from stack sets.
So, same account number,
and I will add all regions,
and it will say, "You can do it in parallel."
And this time I will choose to delete the stack.
So, I will not enable this button right here.
Click on Next.
Submit.
And now this is actually going to go through the deletion
of the underlying stacks in CloudFormation StackSets.
So, this can take a little bit of time to run, obviously,
because now we are actually deleting the stacks.
Now that all my stack instances are gone
from my stack set,
what I can do is Action.
Delete StackSet.
Press Yes.
And we're good to go.
If you wanted to truly clean up again
you also need to delete all the execution roles
you have created from before.
So, let's delete this stack set
that was just detached from my stack sets.
And then I can delete all the execution roles
that we created from before,
as well as the admin role.
And this is good to go.
Now we have a full cleanup of stack sets,
and I hope you liked this lecture.
And I will see you in the next lecture.